[GOHAN SCREAMS]
I don't believe it...!
That power...!
[PICCOLO]
It's rising by the second!
[KRILLIN] Gohan...
That's the way, son...
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL]
You made me wait for this?
You don't seem to
have learned at all
from Trunks's earlier folly.
Simply boosting your raw power
won't be enough to score
a victory here little man.
[CELL JUNIOR LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN YELLS]
[VEGETA YELLS]
[TRUNKS LAUGHS]
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[GOHAN] Stop it...
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
[CELL JUNIORS YELL]
[GOHAN]
Stop it, Cell!
Huh...?
I said stop!
Leave 'em aloooooone!
Yes... that's it.
You're getting warmer.
[GOHAN GRUNTS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
Fascinating...
[ANNOUNCER AND HERCULE GASP]
They're all monsters!
Every last one of 'em...!
[HERCULE YELLS]
[CROWD YELLS]
[CHICHI AND OX KING]
Huh...?! Wha...?
[CHICHI YELLS]
Chichi!
♪ opening song ♪
[HERCULE STAMMERS]
[VEGETA STAMMERS]
[GOKU LAUGHS]
You've caused enough pain.
No more!
[CELL GASPS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL]
So your true power has
finally revealed itself.
Perfect, now we can
get down to business.
Wha... You took
the senzu beans!
Why you...?!
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS]
[THUD]
[EXPLOSION]
[CELL STAMMERS]
He finished them
in a single blow.
After all the trouble these
little imps have been giving us.
[TRUNKS] Incredible...!
Gohan, that was incredible!
[GOKU LAUGHS]
I knew he had it in 'em...
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
Such power...
Oh no...!
And he's so fast...!
Unbelievable...!
That speed...!
He's even faster
than Cell is!
[CELL JUNIORS GRUNT ANGRILY]
[CELL JUNIOR LAUGHS]
[CELL JUNIORS GASP]
[KRILLIN] Gohan...
Don't worry about me.
[CELL JUNIOR STAMMERS]
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
[CELL JUNIOR GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[CELL JUNIOR GASPS]
[CELL JUNIOR SCREAMS]
[CELL THINKING]
Remarkable...
Unbelievable...
How is this possible?
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[CELL THINKING]
The boy's temper is indeed
a force to be reckoned with.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Very well. Let's see
how hot this fire burns.
[CELL JUNIORS YELL]
[GOHAN YELLS]
[VEGETA]
This is preposterous!
He sent them all flying
with only a shout?!
[TRUNKS]
And just look at him!
He's putting out all that power,
and he's completely relaxed.
He's not even breathing hard!
[PICCOLO]
Are you okay...?!
[GOKU] More or less...
I told ya it was all gonna...
work out, didn't I, Piccolo?
[GOKU LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
[PICCOLO THINKING]
Gohan...
[CELL JUNIORS GRUNT ANGRILY]
Uh-Huh...
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS]
[CELL JUNIOR GROANS]
[WIND BLOWS]
A-Amazing...
He's actually winning!
Ladies and Gentlemen...!
In a stunning turn of events,
our previously timid water-boy
is suddenly giving the
mini-Cells the what-for!
Tell me your getting this!
This is journalistic gold!
I would... but...
the camera conked out.
What?! This is
the scoop of the century!
Just keep hitting it
till it starts working!
I was gonna be
a hero... And now...
I'm hunkering down like
a sissy pants behind a rock...
...while some random
pip squeak hogs all of my glory!
This can't be
good for my image.
[CHICHI]
Huh...? What happened...?
What did I miss?!
[OX KING]
Just calm down, Chichi.
I'm sure they're all right...
Where's Gohan, huh?!
If they're all right,
why did the signal
just cut out?!
He was doing well
before we lost it,
so I'm sure he's okay.
I told Goku, I said
"Don't let him fight!"
Oh, he is in so much
trouble when he gets home.
Give-it-a-rest!
Gohan isn't a baby!
He's a warrior right now,
even better than his dad,
and he's doing his
best to save the planet!
Instead of yelling at
Goku through the television set,
you should be thankful
that he prepared Gohan
for this moment!
They are fighting
for us, after all!
I'd be out there too, if
I thought I stood half a chance.
But right now, Gohan is
the only one who can do this!
Now... just calm down
and cross your fingers
for the boy, all right?
[CHICHI]
Cross my fingers?
That's your idea
of fatherly advice?!
No... I mean... Uhh...
[CHICHI SCREAMS]
What about college?!
Huh?!
[OX KING YELLS]
[CHICHI]
Saving the Earth isn't gonna
get him into a good school!
It's gonna take good grades
and high test scores!
Defeating Cell isn't something
you can slap onto your
admissions paperwork!
[OX KING]
Stop, Chichi! You're getting
all worked up over nothing!
[CHICHI]
"Nothing," huh?!
[OX KING YELLS]
Goku's turning
the apple of my eye
into a street-fighting
delinquent!
It's a disaster!
I just want my
precious baby back!
Uhh...
[CELL JUNIOR GASPS]
[CELL JUNIORS GRUNT ANGRILY]
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS]
[CELL JUNIORS YELL]
[EXPLOSION]
[CELL JUNIORS LAUGH]
[CELL JUNIOR GASPS]
[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[CELL JUNIORS YELL]
I've had as much of you
monsters as I can stand!
[CELL JUNIOR GASPS]
[GOHAN YELLS]
[CELL JUNIOR SCREAMS]
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS IN FEAR]
[CELL JUNIOR YELLS]
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
Well... just look at you.
[PICCOLO] The hesitation,
the unwillingness to fight...
...they've vanished.
He's the ultimate warrior
now, fueled by anger.
This is what
you wanted, Cell.
Whatever happens,
you brought this on yourself.
[VEGETA STAMMERS]
Hand these out, Trunks.
Right.
[CELL GASPS]
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
Hey... Hey, Krillin!
Please, wake up!
Thank goodness...
At least he's breathing.
[CRUNCH]
[KRILLIN GRUNTS]
Huh...?
[KRILLIN] Trunks...
How's Gohan?
It's unreal...
I never imagined that he
could fight at this level.
[KRILLIN STAMMERS]
[TIEN]
Is that... Gohan?
[YAMCHA]
Yeah...
What in the world happened
to him while we were out?
Wow... Is this why Goku
seemed so unconcerned?
Uh... sure looks that way.
Listen you guys...!
You gotta get yourselves a safe
distance from the battle.
After I get these senzu beans
to Piccolo and Goku,
we'll be right behind you.
[GROUP]
Huh...?
[TRUNKS]
Quickly!
Yeah... right...
Come.
That's it!
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[CELL YELLS]
[CRUNCHING]
You call that speed?!
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[CELL] Ah!
[CELL YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
How... how's the boy
dodging Cell's attacks?!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL YELLS]
[PICCOLO]
Oh Goku, I should have known.
Hah!
It looks like we're finally
seeing the real reason, huh...
Why you wanted
to fight Cell first...
[GOKU] Hmm?
You were giving Gohan
a chance to study
his opponent's moves before
he had to face him himself.
Is that true, Goku?
[CELL YELLS]
[ANNOUNCER AND PIROZHKI YELL]
He's right there!
Citizens of
the planet Earth...!
Though my camera may be broken,
I have every faith that my words
are still reaching your ears!
Now! Cell and
the boy are locked
in a winner-take all battle
mere inches away to decide
the fate of our world!
[PIIZA]
Wow! Whatta pro!
I am a rock...!
So... come what may,
I'll man my post to the end.
It's my sacred
duty as a journalist!
Uh... dude...
where's your mic?
Uhh... Wha... Uhh...
[CROWD MURMURS]
How come the signal cut out?
Isn't it obvious?
Hercule's the only one
who even had a chance
to stop that Cell creep.
But Hercule
lost, right?
Which means that...!
This is the end
of the world?!
It's the end of the world!
Of course!
[MAN B]
I didn't wanna be right!
[CROWD YELLS HYSTERICALLY]
[CELL GRUNTS]
Hey, Pirozhki, what do
you think you're doing?!
If you stay back there,
you're going to be flash-fried!
I'm... too scared to move!
Come on!
That kid is still down there!
The fool...!
Nothing less than a
world-class professional
such as myself can survive
conditions the likes o' these!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CARONI SCREAMS]
[CARONI, PIROZHKI AND
PIIZA YELL FEARFULLY]
[PIROZHKI GRUNTS WORRIEDLY]
[PIIZA GRUNTS WORRIEDLY]
Uhh...!
Take this!
[PIROZHKI SCREAMS]
[CELL YELLS]
[PIROZHKI GRUNTS]
What...? How did
he carry them all?!
It's impossible!
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[NARRATOR]
Gohan's sights are now
set squarely on Cell.
The final battle begins,
next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
See what happens when
you make someone angry?
Hope you're ready!
[CELL] Nonsense!
I'll be stronger than that brat
no matter how mad he gets!
[GOKU] I think you're
underestimating the situation.
Anger can turn you into
a different person, practically.
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN]
I'm going to make you suffer
as much as Android 16 did!